Hello, 

We noticed this is your first app submission and want to congratulate you on joining the Apple Developer Program. We look forward to working together on your submissions.

When App Review identifies an issue with a submission, we’ll contact you with a message in App Store Connect with details about what we found and how to resolve the issue. Learn more about App Review and tips for a smooth review experience. 

See below for additional information about the issues that require your attention for this submission. If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: df4a44ed-a735-4160-b6c7-8d3d2bacaf74
Review date: July 02, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (18)

Guideline 3.1.2(c) - Business - Payments - Subscriptions
Issue Description

The submission did not include all the required information for apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions.

The following information needs to be included in the App Store metadata: a functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA) (if you are using the standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA), include a link in the App Description, and if you are using a custom EULA, add it in App Store Connect).

Next Steps

Update the App Store metadata to include the information specified above.

Once the app and metadata includes all of the required information, or if they already do, reply to this message with a screen recording to confirm. Include this information in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.

Resources

Apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions must include all of the following required information in the app itself:

- Title of auto-renewing subscription (this may be the same as the In-App Purchase product name)
- Length of subscription
- Price of subscription, and price per unit if appropriate
- Functional links to the privacy policy and Terms of Use (EULA)

The app metadata must also include functional links to the privacy policy in the Privacy Policy field in App Store Connect and the Terms of Use (EULA) in the App Description or EULA field in App Store Connect.

Review Schedule 2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement to learn more.
Guideline 5.1.1(v) - Data Collection and Storage

Issue Description

The app supports account creation but does not include an option to initiate account deletion. Apps that support account creation must also offer account deletion to give users more control of the data they've shared while using an app.

Follow these requirements when updating an app to support account deletion:

- Only offering to temporarily deactivate or disable an account is insufficient.
- If users need to visit a website to finish deleting their account, include a link directly to the website page where they can complete the process.
- Apps may include confirmation steps to prevent users from accidentally deleting their account. However, only apps in highly-regulated industries may require users to use customer service resources, such as making a phone call or sending an email, to complete account deletion.

Next Steps

Update the app to support account deletion. Once account deletion has been added, or if it is already in place, reply to this message with a screen recording captured on a physical device that demonstrates:

- Creating a new account or signing in with the demo account
- Navigating to the account deletion option
- The complete account deletion flow from initiation to confirmation

Include the recording in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.

If the app is unable to offer account deletion or needs to provide additional customer service flows to facilitate and confirm account deletion, either because the app operates in a highly-regulated industry or for some other reason, reply to App Review in App Store Connect and provide additional information or documentation. For questions regarding legal obligations, check with legal counsel.

Resources

Review frequently asked questions and learn more about the account deletion requirements.
Guideline 2.1(b) - Information Needed

We have started the review of the app, but we are not able to continue because we cannot locate the In-App Purchases, such as Monthly Pro and Unlock Full Trip, within the app at this time.

Next Steps

To help us proceed with the review of the app, please reply to this message providing the steps for locating the In-App Purchases in the app.

Note that In-App Purchases are reviewed in an Apple-provided sandbox environment. Make sure they have been appropriately configured for review in the Apple-provided sandbox environment.

If you are restricting access to In-App Purchases based on factors such as storefront or device configurations, please include this information in your reply along with steps to enable the In-App Purchases for our review. 

Additionally, note that the Account Holder must accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect before paid In-App Purchases will function.

Resources

- Learn more about offering In-App Purchases. 
- Learn more about testing in sandbox.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Test on the latest betas
Betas of iOS 27, iPadOS 27, macOS 27, tvOS 27 and visionOS 27 are now available. Download the latest betas to prepare your app for upcoming software releases. Learn more about installing and using Apple beta software.